the cassoulet because it's a funny channel
fun unlike any other
that they have a market
idea was to make a different piece
also
instead of having a normal party where
the birthday caneco wins gifts
we are going to reverse those present in our
audience are the children
April is a very important month for us.
is celebrating 20 years of birthday
of the cartoon
everyone has had a lot of fun with
machines to catch the toy trying
pick up a stuffed silo he tried
to revive this universe of
pick up the toy a lot more way
bigger and humer we thought of her
sheikh and this incredible giant machine
full of toys literally people
with the child in charge to bail
command an adult to get the
toy she wants
so the father he goes there he went firm
position at the end he controls that father there
inside with the mission to stop the toy
ae
we only arrived 20 days from the
creative concept is up to the
development of the action we try
create the most fun action and more
unusual for all children and
arrived in a very nice translation about the
what is the channel
if we had brought everything that the
child sees on the little screen inside this
climate machine and should understand the
portuguese of tube in fast of the country
here from the old boy in jewelry dear dr
the neighborhood cut of
birthday that soon will have 15
Hello, people, you do not believe in a mouse.
machine is awesome